Addon Test Support (#35)
coyote-labs/ember-accessibility: README.md

* Make sure you add `ember-accessibility` to the engine's dependencies.
* Add the `accessibility-test` service to your engine's dependencies in `app.js`.

**Using in test**

> - Import `accessibilityTester` async function from `'@coyote-labs/ember-accessibility/test-support/audit';` and then call it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Import the `auditAccessibility()` helper from `'@coyote-labs/ember-accessibility/test-support/audit';` and then invoke it where needed.
```

> > Note: Same config passed in `config/environment.js` will be applied here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The config passed in `config/environment.js` will be applied here as well.
```

##### Acceptance Tests

```javascript

> import accessibilityTester from '@coyote-labs/ember-accessibility/test-support/audit';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import auditAccessibility from '@coyote-labs/ember-accessibility/test-support/audit';
```

test('Checks accessibility violations', function(assert) {
  visit('/');

>   assert.notOk(await accessibilityTester());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  assert.notOk(await auditAccessibility());
```

});
```

> Or you can pass any selector from the visited page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, you can pass any selector or element from the visited page.
```

```javascript

> import accessibilityTester from '@coyote-labs/ember-accessibility/test-support/audit';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import auditAccessibility from '@coyote-labs/ember-accessibility/test-support/audit';
```

test('Checks accessibility violations', function(assert) {
  visit('/');

>   assert.notOk(await accessibilityTester('#someID'));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  assert.notOk(await auditAccessibility('#someID'));
```

});
```
##### Integration / Unit Tests

```javascript

> import accessibilityTester from '@coyote-labs/ember-accessibility/test-support/audit';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import auditAccessibility from '@coyote-labs/ember-accessibility/test-support/audit';
```

test('Checks accessibility violations in component', function(assert) {
  await render(hbs`<AccessibilityTester />`);  

>   assert.notOk(await accessibilityTester(this.element));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  assert.notOk(await auditAccessibility(this.element));
```
